__NOTOC__
== Introduction ==
Kickstart is a plugin for Grails in order to start your project with a good looking frontend. It is intended to be used in rapid application scenarios such as a Startup Weekend or a prototyping session with a customer.
This plugin provides the following feature:
* Adapted scaffolding templates for standard CRUD pages using the Bootstrap web page template by Twitter. 
* Initial set of webpages to describe the website (about.gsp, contact.gsp, and systeminfo.gsp)
* A minimal console logging filter (KickstartFilter.groovy) to help understand which actions are called
* A script to calculate a simple build number and extract versioning build numbers (in _Events.groovy)
* A script to calculate simple code metrics (lines of code (LOC) and number of files) (in _Events.groovy)
* and a language switcher (encoded in main layout file Kickstart.gsp and _languages.gsp).

Currently, Kickstart is intended to act more like an injection than an plugin - importent files are copied into your project and you can remove the plugin afterwards. 

== Usage ==
After installation you can call the script '''"grails kickstart"''' which will copy several files into your project. 
It will overwrite only few files (e.g., in conf, src, and views) - '''you should use it only on fresh new Grails projects'''. 

Afterwards create your domain classes (or copy them into the project) and generate contollers and views - they will
now use the Bootstrap framework!


== Notes ==

* Uses a vertical responsive Bootstrap 2.0 template (with some graphics from 1.4)
* Does only use plain Bootstrap (currently, without Less).
* The plugin copies the files into your project - you can uninstall the plugin thereafter.
* It does NOT use the Bootstrap plugin.


== Terms of Use ==

* Bootstrap (from Twitter): Code licensed under the Apache License v2.0. Documentation licensed under CC BY 3.0. 
** see http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/ and follow @TwBootstrap
* Kickstart Plugins: Code licensed under the Apache License v2.0. Documentation licensed under CC BY 3.0. 
** Copyright 2011 Jörg Rech 
** see http://joerg-rech.com and follow @JoergRech

== Changelog ==

;0.7.2
: Integrated a Bootstrap-based checkbox in the taglib and scaffolding templates. 
;0.7.1
: Corrected datepicker problem with Java representation with month. Corrected missing ID in links to edit-actions. 
;0.7.0
: Updated to Bootstrap 2.1.1 and Grails 2.1. Included FamFamFam icons for flags in language selector. Reorganized file structure for views. 
;0.6.1
: Minor bug fix in _Events.gsp script. 
;0.6.0
: Integration of Bootstrap DatePicker. Uses Grails 2.0 files as base for scaffolding, etc. Cleanup of code and scripts. 
;0.5.7
: Added script to calculate or retrieve build numbers.
;0.5.6
: Empty commit to test Grails plugin publish mechanism
;0.5.5
: Minor bugfix (missing import) and correction of KickstartWithBootstrapGrailsPlugin.groovy
;0.5.4
: Added measurement of time to simple console logging in KickstartFilters
;0.5.3
: Improvement of error.gsp
;0.5.2
: Cleanup of code and scripts. Improvement of I18N 
;0.5.1
: Minor bugfixes in Bootstrap and layout files 
;0.5
: Initial shared version (February 11, 2012)
;0.1
: Initial version (September 21, 2011)
